October 31 the game very special date
the plan was to be found
and alone
and we stand and want to act
the film philipe gilbert is so special
in October 30, 2009
Yes that is true
don't say no I work
I had a lesser day
two years ago
when asked
I'm back there again
the world btz
I can do everything to him I notice myself but the midfielder only arrived
I for only the
but yes to see
i am i think
where you put everything
I can do everything
I do not want everything he goes every week to be able to stand alone next to said
he runs from doctors to facts away to the enemy's life
We certainly have what happened to natural products
delivered
finally to 7 in the min
I'm with a lower opening
getting a lugene lays six months
trained hard for myself to close every mecca, including Dutch
team with training professionals
and after nine months
I really am a member of Chelsea
mid-August
that also says something again for you t you know that you just teammates at
windesheim the blazer
yes yes that's right end of may oare grab
I thought he was right with it also managed to not get along with them
had your contact
After the news the kids would love to have it and he said that too
did everything to ensure that I could have kept borrowing no
we now play the same as back then
the Tour de France
where i have not really everything to do especially myself that the team of arsenal though
avoids nonsense
form the lord saltless bearing action against a hedge of honor and the multiyear yes
yet again its own way
by our a little careful
say hln.be
but maybe that's not it unwise
are you as good as before the injury?
before that no no I am
I have to work the last Monday night to get to the boss
and really stand in October 30 but this is something else nice that everything is so broken
being in charge
I hope and fear
actually just a well and
and yes i'm assuming a bit but that will be fine the last month
but there is no hair better such an injury-sensitive Munich
yes yes yes I was right with my life and my
I have stamps in our country, Bert van Marwijk
but i am only 23 years old
we have been playing for so many years for many people is the ex
president for myself
I also drive that I have had my chances and that I can actually do something about it
to learn
Health can come through are welcome
the clipper city of amsterdam
what is this is the toughest
I'm not really me
maybe that is because in our LA training I am just very good
management too much to learn
I just think so
i give every trifle there are very many of these vehicles after the us
nineteen seasons and the phone hangs
previously it was 5 since it was one of them
what others think of caring and empathizing
contests with a so-called five ago thought they were ladies
I have no idea actually
we didn't get a point closed for the driver
Clues
weeping became the speed
he had in April